README.md, before:

=== Turtlecoin WooCommerce Extension ===

Contributors: Fexra

Donate: TRTLuzAzNs1E1RBFhteX56A5353vyHuSJ5AYYQfoN97PNbcMDvwQo4pUWHs7SYpuD9ThvA7AD3r742kwTmWh5o9WFaB9JXH8evP

Tags: turtlecoin, woocommerce, integration, payment, merchant, cryptocurrency, accept turtlecoin, turtlecoin woocommerce

Requires at least: 4.0

Tested up to: 4.8

Stable tag: trunk

License: GPLv3 or later

License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html
 
Turtlecoin WooCommerce Extension is a Wordpress plugin that allow merchants to accept Turtlecoins are payments at WooCommerce-powered online stores.

== Description ==

Your online store must use WooCommerce platform (free wordpress plugin).
Once you installed and activated WooCommerce, you may install and activate Turtlecoin WooCommerce Extension.

= Benefits =

* Accept payment directly into your personal Turtlecoin wallet.
* Accept payment in Turtlecoin for physical and digital downloadable products.
* Add Turtlecoin payments option to your existing online store with alternative main currency.
* Automatic conversion to Turtlecoin via realtime exchange rate feed and calculations.

== Installation ==

1. Install "Turtlecoin WooCommerce Gateway" ZIP file in Wordpress just like any other plugin.
2. Activate
3. Configure it with your wallet RPC address, (username or password not requested), your Turtlecoin address 
4. Profit

== Remove plugin ==

1. Deactivate plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress
2. Delete plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress

== Screenshots == 
1. Turtlecoin Checkout Gateway
2. Turtlecoin Options

== Changelog ==

= 0.1 =
* Release!

== Upgrade Notice ==

soon

== Frequently Asked Questions ==

soon

Commit message:

grammar and brand capitalization fixes + added screenshots

README.md, after:

=== TurtleCoin WooCommerce Extension ===

Contributors: Fexra

Donate: TRTLuzAzNs1E1RBFhteX56A5353vyHuSJ5AYYQfoN97PNbcMDvwQo4pUWHs7SYpuD9ThvA7AD3r742kwTmWh5o9WFaB9JXH8evP

Tags: turtlecoin, woocommerce, integration, payment, merchant, cryptocurrency, accept turtlecoin, turtlecoin woocommerce

Requires at least: 4.0

Tested up to: 4.8

Stable tag: trunk

License: GPLv3 or later

License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html
 
Turtlecoin WooCommerce Extension is a WordPress plugin that allows merchants to accept TRTL Shells as payments at WooCommerce-powered online stores.

== Description ==

Your online store must use the WooCommerce platform (a free WordPress plugin).
Once you've installed and activated WooCommerce, you may install and activate the TurtleCoin WooCommerce Extension.

= Benefits =

* Accept payments directly into your personal TurtleCoin wallet.
* Accept payment in TurtleCoin for physical and digital downloadable products.
* Add a TurtleCoin payments option to your existing online store with alternative main currency.
* Automatic conversion to TurtleCoin via realtime exchange rate feed and calculation.

== Installation ==

1. Install the "TurtleCoin WooCommerce Gateway" ZIP file in WordPress just like any other plugin.
2. Activate the plugin.
3. Configure it with your wallet RPC address, (username or password not requested), and your TurtleCoin address.
4. Profit.

== Remove Plugin ==

1. Deactivate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress.
2. Delete the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress.

== Screenshots == 
1. TurtleCoin Checkout Gateway
(assets/screenshots/gateway.png)
2. TurtleCoin Options
(assets/screenshots/options.png)

== Changelog ==

= 0.1 =
* Release!

== Upgrade Notice ==

soon

== Frequently Asked Questions ==

soon
